[DOCS] Install prototype (#3855)
percona/pmm: documentation/docs/install-pmm/install-pmm-server/deployment-options/docker/restore_container.md

        docker rename pmm-server-backup pmm-server
        ```

    4. Navigate to the backup directory (e.g. `pmm-data-backup`):

        ```shc
        cd pmm-data-backup
        ```

>     5. Copy the backed-up data to the PMM data volume:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    5. Copy the backup data to the PMM data volume:
```
